Okay, we're recording finally with Dr. Turner after some problems with the machinery, which I profoundly apologize.
You had mentioned something about university presses usually operate by courtesy, and I thought that was a really exciting kind of an insight that you had offered, and I wondered if you could...
University presses exist in universities.
In most cases, universities are not going to subsidize them.
They may to get them off the ground, or they may give them bridge money if there's a difficult period, but they don't usually subsidize.
And so presses have to publish both what faculties and scholars want, and they've also got to publish things that are going to
allow those other publications to take place.
And my own sense, and you know this better, is that in the last 25 years university presses have been drawn more fully into the larger world of publication rather than just being there on their own.
But going back to Yale, the
You have a Chester Kerr hero, and you hear a lot about them.
But I think the person who is really responsible for the press as it is today, and for the success as you define it as arguably the best university press in the country or the world, is John Ryden.
And Ryden was as different from Chester as can be.
I didn't know Chester well, but Chester was material, and he sought to be and was a kind of larger-than-life figure.
Rydon just got the work done, and Rydon liked talented people, and he was willing to have talented people work who didn't get along with each other.
That's a very interesting qualification.
He wasn't afraid of having... He wasn't afraid of talent, but he also wasn't afraid of having a staff who, a lot of time, not liking each other.
And my sense is that he was, he would, if he had an editor who was good,
He would give that editor a lot of leash and allow for a lot of entrepreneurial work.
And he was there long enough to create a culture, and he was there long enough to put into place business plans that actually are coming to fruition today.
One of the things that happens in universities is universities, unlike businesses, there tends to be turnovers wherever anyone can be in a major position more than ten years.
In many cases, much less than that.
So John was there long enough, and he didn't think the press was all about him.
Chester thought the press was all about him.
Any number of quotes?
Yeah.
Absolutely expressing that.
You don't ever feel like you're alone?
No, no.
People either liked Chester or didn't like him.
But the other person that was enormously important, probably the most creative person at the press,
Well, two.
One in England, John Nichol.
You'll have to pursue... That's really a major reason why I'm going there.
Yeah, more about that.
But the other was Ed Tripp, who's now dead.
And Ed Tripp was an editor for a long, long time.
He'd been in the city.
He moved to New Haven.
In part, something had happened in the city.
And I think that actually his wife was badly mugged at some point.
She was a very small, fragile woman.
They came to New Haven, and Ed was here from the early 70s.
I published my first book to Gale Press in 74.
It was my dissertation.
Ed had been here a little while, and he was here until he retired in the, I guess, early 90s.
And he was a very odd duck.
You can read the obituaries of him.
I'll tell you a little bit about him.
But he was very creative and could just generate ideas.
My understanding is the Encyclopedia of New York was one of Ed's ideas.
And he could just come up with ideas like that.
Why don't we try this?
Why don't we try that?
It just spawned other encyclopedias, a similar kind of... Yeah, and Ed was a real kind of publisher's editor who just had
all sorts of good ideas.
He was one of the key people at the press in those years.
The other thing that I think would be interesting about that are what are those areas of the press and the publication list where it particularly meshed
with the university and where did it not.
For example, it's had a long distinguished series on psychoanalysis and on things relating to child development.
Because it was related to the Child Development Center, it was relating to the larger psychoanalytic community in New Haven, and New Haven has a very large psychoanalytic community.
That whole area
At one point, you would find that it was deeply related to the Yale English Department, probably from the 60s to about the early 80s.
To find what were those series, it's taken the lead in history of art.
It has also always had a very strong list, as I say always has been for a long time, on things relating to religion.
history of religion, philosophy of religion, church history, and the like.
So that would be, that's something to look at.
When you say mischief... Are you saying basically it should, in a very general way, support the curriculum?
No, no.
Where were those parts of creative activity at the university that the press had an editor who, or editors, who latched into them?
And so...
I'm blanking on her name.
There was a woman who was interested in psychoanalysis, and there's the whole series on psychoanalysis, which may be endowed for all I know.
It would be worth finding what's serious, but things are endowed.
There was a very strong series in that, and the Yale Child Study Center has been a very strong area for childhood development.
And you had both books coming from that.
Don...
He died three or four years ago compared to the form of cancer.
Anyway, Don Cohen.
Don Cohen.
Don Cohen was head of the Child Study Center, chaired the board for a long time, the publication committee.
They've also, as I said, had a long history of publishing things having to do with religion.
So what happens?
Do you have this active program going?
to get a start of publication?
No, it's just, you have editors who are, Yale works through friendships, for the best kind, and editors who would cultivate people and then say, what's going on?
It's interesting, and maybe we needed a series on this.
Certainly in the last 10 years or so, the driving figure down there about whom people had very mixed feelings is Jonathan Brent.
I had a wonderful interview with him last week.
Yeah, John, as I say, I like John a lot.
Not everyone does.
John has been sort of light-hand trip.
He's not as sweet as that.
Not meaning to quote you directly on this, but why would people be turned up by Jonathan?
Well, this is not for attribution, but just to give me a little bit.
Jonathan is aggressive.
He's not always generous to his colleagues.
He's smart.
He doesn't like things getting in his way.
Not necessarily collegialism.
Yeah, people have strong feelings about him.
I've always liked him.
But not everyone does.
But there you've had somebody who's, you know, he spawned that series on communism.
Which is fabulous.
on your political viewpoint yes but but do not assume people in universities are neutral on these things i mean you know that series has upset a lot of apple carts i mean people would rather something i can quote you on uh people would rather live with their illusions it's great stuff
These are great quotes, by the way.
And all of which you've been recorded, I've placed a point out.
You might, by the way, if I shoot a couple of snapshots of you while we're speaking.
But my point is that a series like that has not always been welcomed by the, you know, either everyone at Yale or the larger academic community.
But you've got to have editors like Grant or like Ed Tripp.
who will push the envelope, and push the envelope in ways that mean that at the end of the day, you end up with a series of books that make a difference.
And that's something that Tripp did, that's something that Brent has done.
Another person I think you should interview is Judith Metro, who's now down at the National Gallery.
She was the art editor for a long time.
Very quiet woman.
Very nice.
I always liked her enormously.
The art editor here.
She was our editor here for a time.
Because the art program, as I understand it, really got its thrust from London.
It was in both, I think.
I mean, it's... The press has always done a lot with British art because of its relationship with Paul Mellon Center in London.
And that, if you're in London, you're going to want to talk to Brian Allen at the Paul Mellon Center.
And you see, the things that make presses work and so forth, I don't know whether you can make good copy out of it.
It's people really doing their jobs and working with authors and cultivating authors and just maybe staying in touch.
So when finally the author has a manuscript, well, I'm going to bring it to Yale rather than bringing it to someplace else.
You used a phrase earlier, when the machine was not functioning, a phrase you called, but you used was creative tension.
And I wonder if you could elaborate a bit on that.
What do you mean by that?
Well, there's creative tension in the fact that university presses, faculties expect university presses to publish faculty scholarship, not just Yale scholarship, but scholarship with people like us.
People's dissertations, people's monographs, books that, you know,
wouldn't possibly have a chance in the trade market.
And that's one of the things university presses do.
They publish books that sell a few hundred copies.
And you think that is a mission?
Oh, I think it is a mission.
I feel that very strongly.
I also think they have to publish books that are going to pay for those.
And some of my colleagues on the faculty would disagree with that.
I'm among the least pure of these.
I think you've got to be both.
I mean, does it please you that the press has operated two years in a row in the black, for instance, which is quite an extraordinary achievement for a university press?
Yeah.
That's 300 plus titles a year.
No, I think, I mean, I believe that, you see, I believe the press should operate in the black.
at least over, say, a course of every three years.
I mean, you will have years just because of sales and the fact you're in the market.
I mean, after a commercial operation, if you can have a bad year because the economy goes to hell, one of the first things people can stop buying are books.
But a press, I think, has a mission to publish things that do not have a natural commercial market, that have scholarly integrity and importance.
And there can be
differences on that.
I think in the humanities in the last 20 years, some areas of the humanities have almost put themselves out of business by becoming writing only for each other.
So I think there has to be, you know, there has to be, the books have to address genuinely important questions, but they may not have a commercial market.
And then it should publish those books that have integrity that do have this adequate commercial market.
Well, when you think of
the great books, these monumental projects in the Benjamin Franklin papers, for instance.
The first title in that series sold 8,500 copies.
The most recent, 650 copies.
Now, does that mean that the Franklin series has an uncertain future, or do you still think that the press has a commitment?
Well, I think it should be completed.
As a printed book series?
Yeah, I think it should be completed as a printed book series.
I think that the National Endowment for Humanities and some other people should get in there and subsidize it.
But yes, I think these are the sorts of things that commitments were made now in all the Founding Father projects.
They all became longer and more complicated than anyone else ever thought they would be.
And the fashions of scholarship have changed.
On the other hand, whereas in the 1970s and 80s, there was only a little bit of scholarship on sale of Franklin, in the last two or three years, four or five books have come out of Franklin.
So it may well be that the sales will pick up a little bit.
But the dynamic has changed.
Once upon a time, every book published by Yale University Press was certain to be sold to libraries.
That's no longer the case, especially where you have consortia like the college library systems.
That's right.
I mean, the whole system depended on a certain kind of financing of guaranteed sales.
And that's no longer the case.
So that's why I think in order to produce some of these other books, I have no trouble in the press publishing other books that sell.
But you have to have certain books, like the Artbook series, for instance, which has come along.
One hesitates to use the phrase cash cow, but nevertheless it has.
Sure, it at the moment is, and that too will pass at some point.
I don't know, the art books are fabulous.
Oh, they're fabulous, but I mean... They're the best by far.
Nothing in life is permanent.
And this too will... Yeah, what did John Chance always say, you know, if you want to make God laugh, tell him your plans.
Yeah, that's right.
Figuring out what your life is going to come to.
So, the other thing historically in the press would be to watch the shape of the lisp, which early on tended to be very much concentrated in the humanities and has now moved out over the years in numerous other areas, reference works and the like.
Yeah, you mentioned that there has been some disquietude in the ranks over the
animals of communism series, do you see a similar kind of dichotomy with the China book that seems to have run across a difficult patch?
I don't know enough about that difficult patch.
I wouldn't see the same thing, because there's not the same ideological problem.
The opening of the Soviet archives and getting these materials is
has begun to make people rethink the history of the 20th century.
The 20th century is not a comfortable century to think about.
Here you are, director of this, one of the truly great rare books and manuscript libraries in the world.
Do you see any kind of a connection between what the press does and what you do here?
I'd like to say there is, but I don't think there is greatly.
I've toyed with the idea of talking with John of whether there could be, and the press could have a Beinecke series that would involve... Well, no, I'm thinking of books that were written out of Beinecke collections of some kind that we could help finance.
Republishing research that's been largely done with the collections here.
But he and I really haven't.
He and I arrived at the same time, and both of us have lots of other things to do.
Perhaps even publishing previously unpublished... You must have tons of things in the collection that haven't been... I've got some of you on copyright problems with 20th century manuscripts and so forth.
One could imagine taking a certain number of books and doing an edition of beautifully produced books and so forth, if there were a market.
I mean, the real challenge for all of this is going to be where the digital world goes.
Yeah.
One of the great, great success stories of the press is the publication of One Day's Journey of Tonight, which Random House felt
Duke, and Cerf had given his word to Eugene O'Neill that he wouldn't do it, but then Carlisle, you know, decided that she wanted it.
That's right.
Published, and now he doesn't feel a surprise, but he becomes an enormous bestseller for the press.
Well, and it generated a great deal of money for other parts of the university as well.
And again, it's a manuscript that's here.
I'm wondering if there are other similar kinds of things.
Well, that was a very special case.
Probably not immediately.
Now, you sat on the publication committee, I believe, for the press?
Twice.
Tell me a little bit about that, and why you... Well, the material comes to... In fact, this is where you'll find that this is one of the things that's in the Jamadeh article.
The publication committee...
basically discuss manuscripts as presented.
Most of the legwork, not all of the legwork, has been done.
Almost everything goes through the publication committee.
Very little was ever actually turned back.
It has a pretty bad proposal for it to be turned back.
It does, if the director wishes it to, it can provide a good gatekeeping function.
So that he can say to the editors, well, you know, this has to get through the publication committee, so it better not be a turkey of the manuscript.
No editor likes to hear a particularly sprightly discussion of the manuscript.
They want to have the manuscript accepted right now.
In most cases, it will be.
Usually there are some...
some suggestions made, but that is that is different over the years how much cloud publication the committee actually has. It's in part how much the how much the direct how much clout the director wants it to have, because if you have a situation where the committee turns down every third manuscript, you've so demoralized your editors that they just can't they just can't function. When you were the provost the chief academic officer of the university, when you were seated in that chair, how did you view the press?
I mean, it is a division, a department of universities.
Well, the press did very well on those years.
Those were the years that we were able to get money from Ned Evans for the new wing, which was, I think, very important just for the way it functioned.
Our concern then was to see that the press did operate in the black, because in those days, I was provost during what I called the first Bush recession.
The university was not nearly as wealthy as it is today, by a long shot.
I mean, the endowment in 1986 or 7... In 20 years?
Is that dramatic?
Yes.
In 1987, the endowment was about a billion, a little over a billion dollars.
1992 was up to a little over three.
It's now around 14.
And this raises all ships.
That's extraordinary.
It's quite extraordinary.
It's one of the most important things that's happened in the history of Yale.
Yale was always badly unrefinanced until this last rise.
We were in the Harvard and MIT.
Well, we were, but in the 70s and early 80s, Yale fell badly behind.
And the story of the Yale Endowment in the last 15 years is one of the major stories of American higher education.
And what, in a nutshell, is this extraordinary explosive growth attributed to it?
It's attributed to the management of David Swenson, who came here in the mid-'80s and has managed it with an investment committee since then, being in the right things at the right time, going into alternative investments.
But I can give you an idea, in 1992,
The university was drawing into the vicinity of 80-some million dollars from the endowment.
It's now drawing over a year.
It's now drawing over 400 million.
It makes a difference.
That changes things.
This institution was very cash-strapped 25 years ago, and now it's in a very strong position, of course, with the endowment.
I don't know how that fits into a history of the press, from my standpoint, but it must.
It must have some very much.
Well, any endowment income.
I mean, I can tell you, I made a, established a publication, a small publication, funded the press, my parents' memory, about 1995 or so.
My mother wasn't dead if it didn't fit for my parents.
And since then, it's tripled its value.
So, any of their endowment funds have gone up.
The press has become more international.
The university has become more international.
In some ways, it took the lead in that with the London office.
When I was provost, we were concerned.
that the press operate in the black, because in those days we really didn't have money to die.
Did it operate in the black?
Yeah, it was operating in the black.
No, it has its up years and down years, because in a recessionary environment, people are not going to buy
$75 art books.
But if there are three or four university presses that can ever say that, I'd be amazed.
I wonder how many can actually say that.
Well, you should talk to Ryden about that, about the financial side.
I have, actually.
I mean, but that was one of our concerns.
There was concern how the building was going to be financed and how they could they use university borrowing and the like.
Those were concerns.
It's also
I don't know when this started, but it's for some time had relationships with major publishers in New York who've served on various committees and the like.
And that's, again, it's allowed the press to be drawn into the larger world of commercial publishing.
And it's no longer this little clubby thing that, as it was once upon a time, it's a big...
Oh, yeah, it's a big... It's got a lot of people working there.
Yeah, it's got a lot of people working there.
But remember, when you say clubby, I mean, universities tended to be, the private research universities tended to be a little clubby, and I suppose before the 50s and even into the 50s and 60s.
That's just the way it was.
I mean, that was the way it was.
It was not that they sort of sought to be clubby.
It was just the way it was.
I was having...
lunch with a female colleague who just retired at the Graduate Club last week.
She said, you know, she grew up in New Haven, she said, I can remember when I wasn't allowed in this dining room and it was allowed in the ladies' room, on the ladies' dining room on the side.
She said, you know, at the time I thought there was nothing wrong with it.
She's actually a very strong feminist.
The world of Harvard and Yale and the like, through the 50s and the early 60s,
It was a much, much smaller world, and universities didn't have as much money, so that it was a reflection of a larger university culture.
I'm not defending it, but I think historically, thinking historically, and that's basically what I do, is to think about what was that world, and university presses, though it may function in a kind of clubby way, were also a way of trying to push through that.
that clubby world.
So if you take the Franklin papers, that was intermissioned with a great national project.
I mean, the Founding Fathers Projects.
They produced an awful lot of books, and they got a lot more to do.
But they were a way that the press and the university was intermissioned with a great post-war agenda, which was the
celebration and understanding of the emergence of liberal democracy.
And the founding fathers said, I couldn't be able to do that.
So that if you look at those, those are not to be seen as sort of narrow, effete projects, but they were, in the world of scholarship, those were exciting and hadn't been done.
The vision, we are going to publish,
You know, 150 years after, roughly 150 years after they're gone, 125 years after Jefferson and Adams are gone, we are going to publish all of these papers.
Now, you know, the ambition may have been too broad.
They thought they could do it too fast.
They thought the money would be there forever.
They didn't realize... Well, look, we saw the electronic alternative either, I think.
What were the electronic alternative?
What changed was the culture that turned against
That's celebration of American civic life from the Vietnam War on.
Those projects were conceived at a moment of great national confidence in the post-war years.
And they were great civic projects, and they were national projects.
So for a press to say they were going to do that,
was for a press and university to commit themselves to a great national project, a great national civic project.
And it was just that they had trouble as the civic culture changed, and then the ambitions of that they're going to publish every laundry list, so to speak, there.
Yeah.
You have to come have some kind of judgment.
Yale has yet to generate an entirely electronic book.
I think it maybe has been one CD or something, but basically it hasn't.
Do you think that that's a direction that will be pursued at some point, looking ahead to the second stage?
It's probably inevitable.
Probably inevitable.
What it's going to mean, I actually don't know.
I ask this as if you are custodian in order of a great... We worry about how we're going to deal with these things.
Like the digital world, every time you digitize an image, you create the necessity of having to create a new bibliographic record.
Well, I mean, one, when you're asked, will Yale do that, the answer is yes.
And the reason is, Yale Press is part of Yale University.
And as a colleague of mine now, deceased, once said, Yale is just exactly like the rest of the United States, only more so.
And that's... That's a great quote.
And this was a fellow named Terry Muskemin.
And... What's the last name?
Muskemin.
And the point of it is that...
The Harvards, the Yales, the Princetons, the Stanfords, take the top dozen, public and private research universities, are actually deeply embedded in American society and civic life and reflect where that society and establishment is at the moment.
Now they always lag.
Universities rarely lead.
In fact, they get into trouble when they think they're supposed to lead because they're not very good at it.
Universities like
Church are inherently conserving and conservative institutions, whatever the politics of faculties and so forth.
They're essentially conserving institutions, and they sort of look out and see where the society is going, and they move in that direction.
And so, in terms of publishing, sure, they will move in that direction.
You mentioned digitizing.
They probably won't, but Yale Press probably won't define what that means.
Exactly.
And just unrelated to the press, but are you, for instance, the University of Texas, HRC is, I guess, digitizing all of their manuscripts.
Are you involved in anything like that here?
We don't have a project that large.
In fact, one of the problems with digitizing some 20th century things are the copyright issues.
But you don't have exclusively 20th century things here?
No.
digitizing medieval things and the like, and there's a large digital library that you can... But are there unique objects?
Are you making archival copies of them?
Yeah, we are, and we will be doing more of that.
And making that accessible?
One's accessible right now.
I mean, there are literally thousands of images that we have accessible at the moment.
It's unclear to me how much access is being made to.
If you take an interesting digital project called Early Books Online, Early English Books, almost everything published in English up to 1800 has been digitized in some form or another.
They have about 500 items they want, most of which are broad-sized.
I'll tell you what they're down to at this point.
How many people at Grinnell College are using that is unclear.
great desire to digitize, and it's going to be done.
And you have some administrators in some places, and you have some state legislators who think, well, you're never going to have to buy another book.
First of all, these databases are expensive to buy.
They're expensive to keep up.
They can disappear overnight.
They're as good as the charges on their CDs.
What you really would like is good 17th century French paper.
But it will be done.
What that's going to mean is not yet clear.
Because there's a great and very, I think, very interesting, having just been in this business two years, disconnect between the amount of data or information that is available online in free databases, in databases that you have to subscribe to in the life, like Early English Books Online is a subscription database.
and the capacity of students and faculty to use them, because they are not easy to use in every case.
And the curious thing is that what students and faculty do at the moment is use Google, which sort of has all of the subtlety of a sledgehammer.
And the disconnect is how do we find ways
so that scholars and readers and students actually can use these materials with some facility.
Well, I'm often curious as to how many undergraduates, for instance, use Bionic.
I can't imagine that it's very many.
There are quite a few.
Yeah, there are quite a few.
We have classes that come in here.
We build classrooms for that.
Freshmen, as soon as a freshman matriculates at Yale, they can use the Bionic.
The only person of consequence I've ever met, and he lives here in New Haven, who told me that he chose the school he would attend, and he was admitted to both Harvard and Yale, and Bill Reeves books up here in New Haven.
He chose Yale.
I've never heard an undergraduate, a matriculating undergraduate say he chose a university
because of its special collections, and particularly in Western America.
Probably not the first thing to cross, but we have, in terms of numbers, I think undergraduate is the single largest number of years.
Yeah, that's fabulous.
And we keep trying to increase that.
What would you be interested in seeing in a centennial?
I'm not necessarily going to call this a history, by the way, because that's boring.
I don't think I can do it in 50,000 words.
but I think this is going to be kind of a selective consideration, basically driven by narrative and profiles and discussions.
What is it that you would most like to see considered in a consideration of the press's first hundred years?
Only modest attention to the directors.
Which is probably going to be the case, actually.
Yeah, I mean, a lot of institutional histories that the directors are the equivalent.
I'd nose around and see what you can find out about the editors.
I'd look at some of the series, particularly some of the series outside the humanities.
In particular for... Well, the psychoanalytic series.
What did you mention earlier?
Yeah, those.
I would not get lost in predicting where publishing is going because it would be inevitably long.
Oh, that's predictions of a mistake.
I would find out, have there been any...
who have been, if any, significant donors to the press?
The one thing I think the press has not done as good a job as it should do is raising money.
There's no bell map, for instance, as Harvard has.
Yeah, that's right.
I think that, and I don't know whether or not the university was trying to give it donors and so forth, it doesn't matter, but I think that if the press over the years had worked harder
To build an endowment, it would then have to worry less about operating in the black because it would be sustained by an endowment.
If it were sustained by an endowment, it could define its own mission more independently than having to be dependent on the market.
What is the mission?
I mean, you've mentioned mission.
Should the press have a mission, a vision statement?
I don't know, a vision statement, but I think it has to have a clearer view than it and other university presses do at the moment.
University presses at the moment are all in great challenges.
Yale's doing very well, but it has very sprightly conversations in-house and with the Publication Committee and elsewhere about what it should be publishing.
one of the things is that the this world of libraries buying books and so forth it was in my day when i was starting in the profession it was assumed if you had written a good dissertation not any dissertation but if you'd written a good dissertation you would find a publisher in a major university press your book would probably in those days sell maybe 1500 two thousand copies okay that's a lot
Well, it was, I think, my first book, which wasn't anywhere, was a best-seller.
I think it's still around 1,500 and only a couple thousand.
I may be mistaken on that, but I think it's still 1,500.
But there were enough libraries.
See, that came out in 1974.
That was the heyday of the expansion of libraries and community colleges and so forth.
There had been 1,200.
I mean, it wasn't 500.
And it was part of the structure and culture of the American Academy that young scholars would be published by university presses.
those books would then be reviewed and their worth as a scholar would be judged on that.
Well, as costs have gone up and as the libraries aren't buying, that system runs into trouble.
You tie that to some of the problems in the humanities, where the humanities have become, in some cases, arcane, and they're writing only for themselves, not even for the whole, whether it's over-specialization,
And that system, of which university presses were a clear part and understood themselves to be a part, is not in a state of collapse, but it's not very healthy right now.
And there are fields of scholarship that just inevitably will not have large sales, that are not necessarily arcane.
Certain areas of Judaic studies or Near Eastern studies
certain kinds of intellectual history, which are well done and not narrow methodologically, but to just not appeal, that these places should be, this kind of scholarship should be published.
And I think it's a role of the university press to publish those.
Now, how it finances it, its sources of financing are pretty straightforward.
You either, the book helps support itself by the demand in the market for it,
so you make a market-driven thing, or you publish other books for which there are markets that subsidize them, or you go out and get endowments.
And I'm setting aside, because I know there's other subsidies, because of those occasions, you'll find a foundation subsidy, but those are small.
I mean, the Lefty Lewis projects are definitely a thing.
Those are probably going to be a thing.
Which is a great story in its own right.
Yeah, and those projects now are digital projects.
And then just
Once again, briefly?
I'm going to have to go.
Okay, then briefly.
Just tell me, briefly, again, the thrust of the Giamatti piece.
It was an argument that Ed Tripp, I don't disagree with, that Bart was arguing about how much faculty influence there was in the University Press.
And I remember Ed saying, it's just not true.
It all comes to the Publication Committee.
It's prepackaged.
Mm-hmm.
Fabulous.
I guess we could wrap up.
And then, just to
expand maybe for 30 seconds why you think a look at, say, the psychoanalytic series would be interesting?
Well, it's not the first thing.
It's been an important series connected to the Yale community, because there's a large psychoanalytic community in Yale.
But that would almost justify its existence, wouldn't it?
And also to the Yale Child Study Center.
So it's a classic case
of scholarship that related to what was going on in the university.
I apologize for the... If you want to talk again, come back.
This has really been excellent.
Everything is run...